docs: clarify 1.10 upgrade compatibility (#14813)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-specific.mdx

### 1.10 Compatibility <EnterpriseAlert inline />
Consul Enterprise versions 1.10.0 through 1.10.4 contain a latent bug that
causes those client or server agents to deregister their own services or health
checks when some of the servers have been upgraded to 1.11 or later.

> Before upgrading Consul Enterprise servers to 1.11 or later, all Consul client and server agents should first
> be upgraded to 1.10.7 or higher to ensure forward compatibility and prevent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before upgrading Consul Enterprise servers to 1.11 or later, you should first upgrade all Consul client and server agents to 1.10.7 or higher to ensure forward compatibility and prevent
```
switch to active voice
